readme changes after PR (#216)
jenkinsci/atlassian-bitbucket-server-integration-plugin: readme.md

- Jenkins 2.190.1+
- Bitbucket Server 7.4+

Note: Bitbucket Server 5.6 to 7.3 are also supported, but they're not recommended. This is because some plugin features are not available when using these versions. Instead, we recommend using Bitbucket Server 7.4+ so that you have access to all plugin features and you can set up an Application Link.

> 

Reviewer: @ali3-atlassian since the amount of info is growing, I think it's worth having a table of contents up front. Because of this I think we can also remove the numbers from the titles. 

```suggestion
## In this read.me

1. [Install the plugin](#install-the-plugin)
2. [Configure the plugin](#configure-the-plugin)
3. [Use the plugin](#use-the-plugin)
4. [Contribute to the plugin](#contribute-to-the-plugin)
```

---

> ## 1. Install the plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Install the plugin
```

> To install:

Reviewer: For consistency. 

```suggestion
To install the plugin:
```

1. In Jenkins, go to **Jenkins** > **Manage Jenkins** > **Manage Plugins**.

> 2. Under the **Available** tab, search for BitBucket Server Integration. 

Reviewer: We usually use 'select' for everything. 

```suggestion
2. Select the **Available** tab. 
3. Search for **Bitbucket Server Integration**. 
```

> 3. Tick the checkbox and select **Install without Restart**. 

Reviewer: @ali3-atlassian do we need to give any more context around the checkbox? E.g.: Select the checkbox to ...

```suggestion
4. Tick the checkbox.
5. Select **Install without Restart**. 
```

> The plugin has finished installing when the status next to Bitbucket Server Integration shows Success.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The status will change to **Success** when the plugin is installed. 
```

> ## 2. Configure the plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configure the plugin
```

Bitbucket Server instances are added and configured at the system level. Once they’re added users can select them from the SCM when creating a Jenkins job. You must add at least one Bitbucket Server instance to Jenkins.

> When adding a Bitbucket Server instance you must add at least one Bitbucket Server [personal access token](https://confluence.atlassian.com/display/BitbucketServer/personal+access+tokens) and all tokens added must have project admin permissions. Doing this allows users to automatically set up build triggers when creating a Jenkins job.

Reviewer 2: Maybe:
> When adding a Bitbucket Server instance you must add at least one Bitbucket Server [personal access token](https://confluence.atlassian.com/display/BitbucketServer/personal+access+tokens), **configured with project admin permissions**. Doing this allows users to automatically set up build triggers when creating a Jenkins job.
The "all tokens" feels a bit awkward in context, given the preceding sentence refers to them in the singular.

> When adding a Bitbucket Server instance you must add at least one Bitbucket Server [personal access token](https://confluence.atlassian.com/display/BitbucketServer/personal+access+tokens) and all tokens added must have project admin permissions. Doing this allows users to automatically set up build triggers when creating a Jenkins job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When adding a Bitbucket Server instance you must add at least one Bitbucket Server [personal access token](https://confluence.atlassian.com/display/BitbucketServer/personal+access+tokens) that is configured with project admin permissions. Doing this allows users to automatically set up build triggers when creating a Jenkins job.
```

2. Under **Bitbucket Server integration**, select **Add a Bitbucket Server instance** > **Instance details**.
3. Enter these instance details:
   - Instance name - Enter a name to help users identify this instance. 

>    - Instance URL - Enter the Bitbucket Server base URL (e.g. http://localhost:7990/bitbucket). 

Reviewer: We usually don't use abbreviations like e.g.

```suggestion
   - Instance URL - Enter the Bitbucket Server base URL. For example, http://localhost:7990/bitbucket. 
```

   - Personal access token - Select a token from the list. Or to first add a token:

>       - select **Add** > **Jenkins**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Select **Add** > **Jenkins**.
```

>       - Select [Bitbucket personal access token](https://confluence.atlassian.com/display/BitbucketServer/personal+access+tokens) for **Kind**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - For **Kind**, select [Bitbucket personal access token](https://confluence.atlassian.com/display/BitbucketServer/personal+access+tokens).
```

>       - Enter a Token (with **project admin permissions**), a unique token ID and a Description. 

Reviewer 2: Maybe "with at least **project admin permissions**"- an admin token would work too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Enter a Token (with at least **project admin permissions**), a unique token ID and a Description. 
```

>       - Click **Add** and you should now be able to select the token from the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Select **Add**. You should now be able to select the token from the list.
```

2. Under **Bitbucket Server integration**, select **Add a Bitbucket Server instance** > **Instance details**.
3. Enter these instance details:
   - Instance name - Enter a name to help users identify this instance. 

>    - Instance URL - Enter the Bitbucket Server base URL. For example, http://localhost:7990/bitbucket . 

Reviewer: Just removing an unnecessary space. 

```suggestion
   - Instance URL - Enter the Bitbucket Server base URL. For example, http://localhost:7990/bitbucket. 
```

> #### Part 2 - Create an Application Link to Jenkins

Reviewer 2: Can we update this to `## 2. Create an Application Link to Jenkins` to be consistent with the other numbering?

Reviewer: That's fair. @ali3-atlassian can you please remove 'part' from both. I can't add a suggestion sorry.

> The second part is done in Bitbucket Server and involves creating an Application Link to Jenkins. Many of the details you need to do this are on the Application Link details page mentioned in Part 1. 

Reviewer: Since we're removing 'part' from the titles this can be lower case. 

```suggestion
The second part is done in Bitbucket Server and involves creating an Application Link to Jenkins. Many of the details you need to do this are on the Application Link details page mentioned in part 1. 
```

<img src="images/linkapplications.png" width="600"> <br/>

To create the Application Link: 

> 1. In Bitbucket Server, go to **Administration** (click the cog wheel on the top navigation bar)  > **Application Links**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In Bitbucket Server, go to **Administration** (select the cog in the top navigation bar) > **Application Links**. 
```

---

> ## 3. Use the plugin 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Use the plugin 
```
